so far his decisions. You're you're making split decisions like every
two or three minutes. There's always something with the division that
I, which was like I said about 26 27 people. Everyone has a personality.
Everyone has an issue. Everyone has something going on and not
to include the ship's schedule. Where there's training, where there's
evolutions, where there's always something happening, and then not
to mention, you have to stay and watch. You have to get your training
and your qualifications in. So that doesn't include communicating
with your boss's your supervisors, which are, You know, your second
tour is your department is maybe even XO. So you're making decisions
on where to go next. Who to talk to next? What to do next? Did I
email this person that I call this person that I talked to this person?
Have I done this? Have I done that? So they're split decisions
made like every don't know, 30 seconds or so